Sam Soff sps239

Extensions:
1) Manual pause:
  When the player presses p in the middle of the game it will pause the game in the
  middle of the round. I also included text at the top of the screen so the player knows
  that p will pause the game. When the game is paused it displays the
  controls of the game: Up to shoot, left and right to move, m to mute. This pause
  causes the game to enter an additional state (STATE_USER_PAUSED), so that when the
  game is unpaused, the ship stays where it was before the game was paused. If
  the other pause was used (the one that occurs when the ship is hit with a bolt)
  a new ship would be made and placed in the middle of the window instead, so this
  gets around that issue.

2)Lives:
  The game displays the number of lives the player has with hearts at the top left of
  the screen. When a life is lost one of the hearts disappears. This was practical because
  otherwise the player has no way of knowing how many lives they have. I created a new
  class life to do this, and I uploaded a pixelated heart image from google images.

3) Sounds:
  The game will play a number of sounds when bolts are fired from the ship or from
  aliens, and when a collision occurs with a bolt and the ship or aliens. Additionally,
  when the m key is pressed it mutes the game, and I included a sound image that appears
  and disappears to indicate if the game is muted or not. The image is in the top
  left corner of the game and I got the image from google images.

4) Difficulty settings:
  I made 4 difficulty settings: easy, medium, hard, and very hard. These vary in the
  number of rows and columns of aliens as well as the speed of the aliens. This
  required rows, columns, and speed to be passed as parameters when Wave is called.

5) Additional alien:
  I also included an additional alien image that I found on google that I liked, but
  it doesn't change the gameplay in any meaningful way.

6) Bomb:
The player get one bomb a game to shoot by pressing the b key. This kills all of the aliens adjacent to the alien hit by the bomb. There is a bomb icon at the top left of the screen next to the sound icon indicating whether the player still has a bomb left to shoot. I created a bomb class in order to accomplish this, which had similar attributes to the bolt class, except it was a GImage instead of a GRectangle. I also created additional 
methods in the wave file for shooting and moving the bomb as well as bomb collisions and 
explosions. The image used for the bomb was downloaded from google images. 


